Enhance documentation (#174)
jakartaee/nosql: spec/src/main/asciidoc/chapters/api/template.adoc

==== Limitations in Key-Value Databases

It is worth noting that the `select` and `delete` methods of the `Template` class may not be fully compatible with key-value databases. This limitation arises because key-value databases primarily rely on key-value pairs for data retrieval and deletion rather than complex query predicates.

The primary data access mode in key-value databases is through direct lookup by key. It is challenging to support complex query operations like those provided by the fluent API query. As a result, attempts to use the `select` and `delete` methods with key-value databases may throw an `UnsupportedOperationException` by Jakarta NoSQL, indicating that the underlying database technology does not support the operation.

==== Supported Methods in Other NoSQL Databases

The fluent API query offers a wide range of supported methods through the `QueryMapper` class for other types of NoSQL databases, such as document-oriented or column-family databases. These methods may include filtering, sorting, and basic querying capabilities, providing developers with flexible data retrieval and manipulation tools.

> However, it's essential to consider that the availability of certain query methods may vary depending on the specific NoSQL database being used. Some NoSQL databases may not support certain operations through the `UnsupportedOperationException`.

Reviewer: The wording here didn't make sense.
```suggestion
However, it's essential to consider that the availability of certain query methods may vary depending on the specific NoSQL database being used. NoSQL databases that do not support certain operations can raise `UnsupportedOperationException`.
```

Attempting to use unsupported operations with the fluent API query may result in runtime exceptions or unexpected behavior. Developers should consult the documentation of their chosen NoSQL database to understand its query capabilities and limitations and adjust their application logic accordingly.

==== Query Navigation Hierarchy

> In Jakarta NoSQL, the query navigation hierarchy refers to navigating through the properties of entities and their associated classes when constructing queries. Within an entity, property names must be unique, ignoring cases. The field or accessor method name serves as the entity property name for simple entity properties. In the case of embedded and association classes, entity property names are computed by concatenating the field or accessor method names at each level, optionally joined by a comma, `.`, delimiter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Jakarta NoSQL, the query navigation hierarchy refers to navigating through the properties of entities and their associated classes when constructing queries. Within an entity, property names must be unique, ignoring case. The field or accessor method name serves as the entity property name for simple entity properties. In the case of embedded and association classes, entity property names are computed by concatenating the field or accessor method names at each level, optionally joined by a comma, `.`, delimiter.
```

For example, consider the following data model:

[source,java]
----
class Person {
  private Long id;
  private MailingAddress address;
}

class MailingAddress {
  private String zipcode;
  private String city;
}
----

> In this scenario, querying for records based on the zip code at the `MailingAddress` class requires accessing the `address` field at `Person` and the `zipcode` property at `MailingAddress`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this scenario, querying for records based on the zip code of the `MailingAddress` class requires accessing the `address` field of `Person` and the `zipcode` property of `MailingAddress`.
```

This query navigation hierarchy enables developers to construct complex queries traverse multiple levels of entity properties, facilitating flexible and precise data retrieval and manipulation in Jakarta NoSQL.

=== TTL (Time-To-Live) Support

TTL (Time-To-Live) is a feature provided by many NoSQL databases that allows developers to set an expiration time for data stored in the database. When data reaches its TTL, it is automatically removed from the database, freeing up resources and ensuring that it remains efficient and clutter-free.

For Java developers, TTL support is essential for managing data lifecycle and optimizing resource usage. It enables developers to implement caching strategies, manage temporary data, and enforce data retention policies effectively.

While TTL support is valuable, not all NoSQL databases provide native support for TTL. In cases where TTL is not supported, attempting to set a TTL on data may result in an `UnsupportedOperationException` being thrown by the Jakarta NoSQL provider.

> Additionally, some NoSQL providers may have limitations on the granularity of TTL values, such as supporting only TTL values specified in certain units (e.g., hours) or rounding TTL values to the nearest supported unit. In such cases, attempting to set a TTL value that does not align with the provider's limitations may result in unexpected behavior or zero TTL being applied.

Reviewer: I assume you meant Time-To-Live is not applied rather than that it has zero time to live in the database, meaning you would never write it.
```suggestion
Additionally, some NoSQL providers may have limitations on the granularity of TTL values, such as supporting only TTL values specified in certain units (e.g., hours) or rounding TTL values to the nearest supported unit. In such cases, attempting to set a TTL value that does not align with the provider's limitations may result in unexpected behavior or no TTL being applied.
```
